We really want to imitate our God,
To be impartial, as we know he is.
To save all sorts of people is his will;
He welcomes all to come and to be his.
It’s the person, not the place;
It’s the heart and not the face.
God’s message to all people we extend.
So because we really care,
We keep preaching ev’rywhere:
“All sorts of people
can become God’s friend.”
It doesn’t matter where they may be found
Or what at first they might appear to be.
What really counts
is what they are at heart—
The inner self, the one Jehovah sees.
It’s the person, not the place;
It’s the heart and not the face.
God’s message to all people we extend.
So because we really care,
We keep preaching ev’rywhere:
“All sorts of people
can become God’s friend.”
Jehovah welcomes all who make the choice
To leave the world and all its ways behind.
This we have learned,
and this we want to share,
And so we preach to people of all kinds.
It’s the person, not the place;
It’s the heart and not the face.
God’s message to all people we extend.
So because we really care,
We keep preaching ev’rywhere:
“All sorts of people
can become God’s friend.”